Add v0 of the README (#2)
Arcadia-Science/arcadia-software-handbook: README.md

# Arcadia Science Software Handbook

> The repository is home to the core software engineering guides and policies at [Arcadia Science](https://www.arcadiascience.com/). If you're curious about where to begin, [the source control policy document](/guides-and-policies/policy-source-control) is a good place to start!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is home to the core software engineering guides and policies at [Arcadia Science](https://www.arcadiascience.com/). If you're curious about where to begin, [the source control policy document](/guides-and-policies/policy-source-control) is a good place to start!
```

> ## Naming convention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Naming conventions
```

> - A **guide** document describes software engineering best practices for reusable and reproducible work. These are strong suggestions but exceptions to the rule can happen.

Reviewer: strong suggestions vs. sensible defaults? Curious how strongly we want to push toward things written in guides.

Author: I like sensible defaults!

> - A **guide** document describes software engineering best practices for reusable and reproducible work. These are strong suggestions but exceptions to the rule can happen.

Author: ```suggestion
- A **guide** document describes software engineering best practices for reusable and reproducible work. These are sensible defaults and exceptions to the rule are expected to happen.
```
